Upcoming 2.0.0 (#9)
PaNOSC-ViNYL/openPMD-standard: EXT_WAVEFRONT.md

This extension is specifically designed for the domain of coherent wavefront propagation codes.

Mesh Based Records (Fields)
---------------------------

### Naming Conventions for `mesh record`s (field records)

When added to an output, the following naming conventions shall be used for complex
electric field `mesh records`. 

- `electricField/` 
  - type: *(complexX)*
  - scope: *(required)*  
  - components:
    - `x/` 
    - `y/` 
    - `z/`     
  - decription: electric field representing the wavefront. The field oscillate as $\exp(-i \omega t)$, where the angular frequency $\omega$ is related to `photonEnergy` defined below. The real field at a time $t$ is then $\Re($ `electricField` * $\exp(-i \omega t)$)
  
  - advice to implementors: if attribute `temporal domain` is `'time'`, this is an electric field with SI unit in `V/m`, and therefore must have:
    - `unitDimension = (1, 1, -3, -1, 0, 0, 0)`  (electric field)
  - advice to implementors: if attribute `temporal domain` is `'frequency'`, this must have:
    - `unitDimension = (0. -1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)` (inverse length, as $\sqrt{\textrm{J} / \textrm{eV} }/ \textrm{m}  = \textrm{m}^{-1}$)

> ### Additional attributes on `mesh record`s (field records)

Reviewer: You mean on the `electricField` record specifically?
```suggestion
### Additional attributes on the `mesh record` named `electricField`
```

On the `series` object, set the following attributes:

  - `photonEnergy`
    - type: *(floatX)* 
    - description: The central photon energy of the wavefield $E_\textrm{photon} = \hbar \omega $, where $\hbar$ is Planck's constant divided by $2\pi$.
    - scope: *required*

>     - `unitDimension = (2., 1., -2., 0., 0., 0., 0.)` (energy)

Reviewer: attributes do not have attributes themselves. You could instead write here that the numerical value of the `photonEnergy` attribute shall be specified in Joules/eV/keV/MeV or so (same below).

Author: @ax3l Ah, right. But, do we delete this last line, or further add, 'unitSI =1', or simply say what you suggest?
